 How did you and your bandmates decide/choose your sudo names?

Oh god, haha. Good question. Well, we liked to goof around a lot, so some of it came from that. Let’s start with the name Nounhole. Nounhole was my old screen name before the band was ever a thing. I liked it as a band name because it could mean whatever anyone wanted.

Ichabod Ver7 - This was pretty simple. I thought the name Ichabod was a cool name that wasn’t common. The Ver7 was a bit deeper. I felt throughout my musical journey that there were different versions of myself. Just like you have improved software, I wanted to show I wasn’t on the first version of myself. 7 seemed like a good number of versions.

BzL - Brian’s video game and instant messenger handle was Beezil. So we just shortened it to BzL.

Badge - Phil’s nickname in our previous bad was Skippy. Basically, because he called everyone else Skippy. We needed a new name for him. In the early days before we had played any shows, he used to show up to practice after work with a security badge on, so he just became “The Badge.” However, I think we still continued to call him Skip.

SiC - This, I remember vividly. We were outside a club one night just shooting the shit. One of Jonathan’s friends walked up and yelled, “Hey, Sick Bitch!”  Ever since that point, he’s been SiC.

DJ Dryhumpe - This is the hardest for me to remember. I believe that’s because Mike was doing a few things before he joined the band. He was in a blues band, and I  believe he said he was going to start DJing for some extra cash. I believe it was me who joked that he call himself DJ Dryhump, and Brian suggested adding the “e” at the end so it sounded more European. The joke stuck and that became his name. 

Fun fact. Mike was really late showing up to our first big press photo shoot. I still to this day have no idea why. I almost paid one of the homeless people downtown to stand in for him, which would have been absolutely hilarious. 

What bands at the time did you draw inspiration from?

We were listening to a lot of modern music at the time. Bands like Deftones, Korn, Taproot, Tool, all the usuals. Plus old school bands like Black Sabbath and Faith No More. 

What's the reason behind the unique visuals in your existing music videos, who made them?

This is a good question. I have no idea. They were made by fans of the band. Pretty cool, actually.  

What inspired the idea for the unique black and white face paint?

Yeah, that came from a bit of experimentation. For our first few shows, I had half of my face white and half black. I was trying to demonstrate a bit of duality, playing clubs and with the lighting you could get your face to disappear and reappear like that. But we started noticing the contrast against the lights, it just made for a cool effect on stage. 

Out of the shows you played, what was the most fun, why?

Wow, we played so many shows. I don’t know if I can choose just one. When we released Root we played at Club 5 / The Marquee Theater, that was a pretty cool show. Just a lot of energy and everyone was extra excited. The crowd was amazing.

What made you guys quit, not enough success, falling off with band members, etc?

I’m not sure if it was any one thing. None of us quit music, we just moved on to different bands. We parted ways with Mike prior to writing Version 2 and decided not to have a second guitar player afterward. I'm playing guitar on Version 2 along with BzL. Then Phil started playing with another band and we seemed to all be excited about different things. Jonathan and I went on to form Crashmir. Originally, with BzL, but he left before we recorded our first album. 

You guys had released one album but there was a second simply known as "version2" or "Dial:Log-Rhythm" some songs but not all are known and a few demos/remixes of songs are known to exist but aren't online. Would you ever consider uploading them or sharing them if you could?

We had 2 full length albums “Root” and “Version 2” and a live EP and a few singles. We also have video from at least 4 shows and an awesome video of us goofing around at a Denny’s, believe it or not. I’m working on compiling all of this together. Since I own the rights and still have the original masters, I’m thinking about publishing the entire catalog on iTunes and Spotify.

Admittedly, Version 2 was a terrible name for the album. The inside of the CD booklet has a phrase that says “We are all machines.” You can see it in one of the photos I attached. Honestly, that should have been the name of the album.

A few of our songs might be lost forever. The first thing we ever did was cut a demo of a The Police cover song Don’t Stand So Close To Me. I’ll have to dig around on some old hard drives, but I’m guessing that’s gone.

I’ll keep you posted on the video stuff as I dig it up.  

If you are looking for some more music, after Nounhole, Jonathan and I founded Crashmir. Here’s a couple of songs you might like.

Glass Lung - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qzz13aJ2R4w
Just Who You Are - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-RV2Vjl1nrY

Jonathan and I also recently started a new band and we released an album, even though we haven’t formally launched the band yet. We are called Say Nothing To Saturn. We’ve got a new drummer and have been practicing for some shows. Our album is called Sunshine Sometimes.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xig\_SXd7XN8&list=OLAK5uy\_nFypdINCV7wvWPygRWe\_NeHnGUeH672-8

 Are there any other local Florida bands that you enjoyed, ethier listening to or playing with live?

Yes, there were quite a few. Bands like Nonpoint and Burn Season for starters. There was also Buddha’s Belly and Buddha Stone Tribe. Guess there were a lot of bands with the name “Buddha” back then. Clone Defect was a band we played a lot of shows with, they were our boys. Lee their singer is singing harmonies on the song Ascension on both the album version and the live version of the song. Fun fact, when we recorded our Live EP at Club 5, he butchered my lyrics by forgetting his lines. He said "Past the point of, calezening." Whatever that means. I gave him shit for years afterward. I saw him out in LA at NAMM a few years ago, and I brought it up again. Haha.